Terms and Conditions
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws, and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

Definition
Manag. is a student project under STEP IT Academy that provides a system to manage tasks and a team.

2. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at contact html table. This address is an image and it can't be copied as text.

3. Use License
Permission is granted to download the materials (information or software) on Manag. for personal usage. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Manag.;
allow direct downloads of the materials from any other server that is not HTMLTable.com. You must redirect users to HTML Table website.
You can use this online HTML table generator in any personal project, however, you can not include it in a bundle or offer it as a product under another person's or company's name that is not HTMLTable.com website. If you wish your users to download the product, you must redirect them to Manag. in order to download the product.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Manag. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
4. Disclaimer
The materials on the Manag. are provided "as is". Manag. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Manag. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on their Internet website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

5. Limitations
In no event shall the Manag. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the Manag., even if Manag. or Manag. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

6. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Manag. could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Manag. does not warrant that any of the materials on this website are accurate, complete, or current. Manag. may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. Manag. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.

7. Links
Manag. has not reviewed all of the third-party sites linked to their Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the HTML Table website of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Manag. may revise these terms of use for their website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

9. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Manag. shall be governed by the laws of the Czech Republic without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

General Terms and Conditions are applicable to the Use of a website.

Download
By downloading this bundle, you agree to receive an email from us and to be eventually subscribed to our newsletter.

Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.